Add sections about Topics and Schemas (#68)
LangStream/documentation: configuration-resources/messaging/topics.md

```yaml
    topics:
        - name: "offset-topic"
        creation-mode: create-if-not-exists
        partitions: 1
        options:
            consumer.max.poll.records: 10
            producer.retries: 2
            replication-factor: 1
        config:
            cleanup.policy: compact
```

You do it by setting the `options` and the `config` configuration parameters.

The `config` section is applyed while creating a topic, in the case of Kafka, they become additional configuration options for the topic. Please refer to the Kafka documentation about [topic configurations](https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#topicconfigs).

The `options` is related to additional properties required to fine tune the client that connects to the topic.

Available options are:
- `consumer.xxx`: the option xxx is applied to the [Kafka Consumer configuration](https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#consumerconfigs)
- `producer.xxx`: the optin xxx is apploied to the [Kafka Producer configuratio](https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#producerconfigs)
- `replication-factor`: this is the replication-factor for the topic, when it is created

### **Ordering guarantees**

> LangStream handles all of the aspects you would have to deal with while building a messaging application, one of the most difficult points is to give strong ordering guarantees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the most challenging parts of building a messaging application is providing strong ordering guarantees. LangStream guarantees that all the messages with the same key are processed in the same order as they have been written to the topic.
```

> For instance if you are implementing a chat bot you really want that the questions and the (streaming, chuncked) answers are processed in the natural order as perceived by the end user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you're implementing a chat bot, you want the questions and the (streaming, chunked) answers to be processed in their natural order from the end user's perspective.
```

> This means that in spite of all the processing that is performed thru the pipeline the platform must guarantee that messages are delivered in the expected order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that in spite of all the processing performed throughout the pipeline, the platform must guarantee that messages are delivered in the expected order.
```

> This is pretty hard, considering that LangStream automatically deals with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is pretty challenging, considering that LangStream automatically deals with:
```

- temporary failures and retries

> - asyncronous processing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- asynchronous processing
```

- (micro) batching
- scalability

> The good thing is that you don't have to care about all of these problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fortunately, you don't have to solve all of these problems.
```

But you must be aware that the main way to control the ordering of messages is by means of the **message key**. 
LangStream guarantees that all the messages with the same key are processed in the same order as they have been written to the topic. If one message enters a retry loop, then all the other messages with the same key are put put on hold until the message is done.
If the key is null then LangStream is free to process the messages in any order.

### **Implicit topics**

The LangStream planner may decide to create additional topics to connect the agents.

> This is because most of the agents may run together in the same kubernetes pod, but under some conditions this is not possible, for instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is because most of the agents may run together in the same kubernetes pod, but under some conditions this is not possible, for example:
```

> - two agents in the same pipeline have different resource requirements, so they m,must live in separate pods 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- two agents in the same pipeline have different resource requirements, so they must live in separate pods 
```

> - some agents require to connect directly to a topic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- some agents require a direct connection to a topic
```

- an agent is marked as not "composable"

### **Schema less topics**

By default LangStream interprets the contents of the messages as Unicode encoded strings (UTF-8) and when an agent tries to access the message as a structure, it tries to parse the string as JSON.

> This means that you can write a message in the input topic as a string and read it as a JSON structure in the output topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that you can write a message in the input topic as a string, and read it as a JSON structure in the output topic.
```

When an agent that expects a structure as input encounters a string that cannot

> be parsed as JSON this is handled as a regular processing failure, and you can apply the standard failure management options (like skipping unparsable messages or posting them to the deadletter queue).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be parsed as JSON, this is handled as a regular processing failure, and you can apply the standard failure management options (like skipping unparsable messages or posting them to the deadletter queue).
```

### **Schema management**

> LangStream can handle automatically the Schema associated to the topic, depending

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LangStream can automatically handle the schema associated to the topic, depending
```

on the messaging broker you are using.

> If you are using Apache Pulsar then the Schema Registry is built-in on the Broker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Apache Pulsar, then the Schema Registry is built-in on the Broker
```

> and you don't have to configure anything more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and you don't have to configure anything.
```

> If you are using Apache Kafka then you need to configure the URL and the credentials to access a Schema Registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Apache Kafka, you need to configure the URL and the credentials to access a Schema Registry.
```

> This happens in the instance.yaml file in the streamingCluster configuration,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These values are set in the instance.yaml file in the streamingCluster configuration,
```

see the [kafka](../../instance-clusters/streaming/kafka.md) cluster documentation for the actual configuration of the Schema Registry client.

> LangStream comes with an abstraction of the Schema management systems and allows you to write portable applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LangStream comes with an abstraction of the Schema management system that allows you to write portable applications.
```

> These are the supported schema types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The supported schema types are:
```

- string
- bytes
- avro

```yaml
topics:
  - name: "schemaless-topic"
    creation-mode: create-if-not-exists
- name: "string-topic"
    creation-mode: create-if-not-exists
    schema:
       type: string
  - name: "bytes-topic"
    creation-mode: create-if-not-exists
    schema:
       type: bytes
  - name: "avro-topic"
    creation-mode: create-if-not-exists
    schema:
        type: avro
        schema: |
            {
                "type" : "record",
                "name" : "Pojo",
                "namespace" : "mynamespace",
                "fields" : [ {
                "name" : "name",
                "type" : "string"
                } ]
            }
```

In case you are consuming from a topic with AVRO schema but you don't know the schema you can omit the schema definition, like this:

```yaml
topics:
  - name: "avro-topic-auto"
    creation-mode: create-if-not-exists
    schema:
        type: avro
```

The runtime gets the schema from the registry while consuming.

> The same applies in case you write an AVRO record: the schema will be automatically registered in the registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same applies if you write an AVRO record: the schema will be automatically registered in the registry.
```

### **Dead letter queue topics**

> When you mark an agent with **on-failure: deadletter**, this means that in case of error the message that was read by the input topic has to be move to a side topic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you mark an agent with **on-failure: deadletter**, this means that in case of error the message that was read by the input topic has to be moved to a side topic
```

> in order to not stop the pipeline while keeping the problematic message for further debugging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to not stop the pipeline while keeping the problematic message for further debugging.
```

> In this case the LangStream planner automatically create a topic next to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, the LangStream planner automatically creates a topic next to the
```
